c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\bin\Debug\projeHastane.exe.config
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\bin\Debug\projeHastane.exe
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\bin\Debug\projeHastane.pdb
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.exe
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.pdb
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmGirisler.resources
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmHastaDetay.resources
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmHastaGiris.resources
c:\users\90542\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.hastaKayÄ±t.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.doktorDetay.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.doktorGiris.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmBilgiDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmDoktorBilgiDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmBrans.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmDoktorPanel.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmDuyurular.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmRandevuListesi.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmSekreterDetay.resources
C:\Users\90542\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\projeHastane\projeHastane\obj\Debug\projeHastane.frmSekreterGiris.resources
